we'll kick off the day with some
Abrahamic religion so he built an int
list last time this data structure it
does all the stuff the list can do right
you can add stuff to it you can take
stuff back out it's the sequence of
items on the front and a back all that
stuff
another specific implementation that we
used was we had an integer called first
and a pointer to the rest list called
int list now this data structured well
you may not have realized it was what I
call a naked recursive data structure
now we'll get a sense for what that
means as we move forward but basically
the idea is it seemed perfectly fine at
the time but now this lecture the fruit
of knowledge is going to reveal to you
the grim truth that in fact we were
naked all along so in this lecture we're
gonna seek clothing we're going to make
the enlist more like something that's
conventional to Java programs now
there's nothing wrong with int lists or
nudity or whatever it's just you know it
depends on your culture but in the java
culture having a naked recursive data
structure is strange
now another language is like the scheme
like languages or in functional
languages you know you can do naked
recursive data structures all day long
but in Java it's just a little awkward
to get a little bit of a flavor for why
they're strange imagine the novice
programmer in Java trying to write code
the uses int lists for them to be able
to effectively write code they have to
be able to know how references work in a
pretty deep way the recursion is right
there right on the sleeve of our naked
data structure a sleeve that's kind of a
weird mixed metaphor but yeah okay we'll
go with it but so an int list if you
have to know how pointers work in order
to understand what an ant list is the
new thing we're gonna build not the case
so how are we gonna do that what's this
new data structure gonna look like well
the first step is we're going to do a
rebranding effort okay so nudity you
know that's so 7,000 years ago or
however many years ago so we're gonna
change this instead of having an int
list class we're gonna have an int node
class and all that cruft all those
methods that we had in here we're gonna
strip them away to become clothes
I don't know what's going on with my my
mixed metaphors
hey okay so I'm gonna delete all those
methods that's the stripping away and
then we're gonna rename this to in node
yeah and then I'm gonna take these other
variables and then we give them new
names instead of first I'm gonna call
this item and instead of rest cheese I'm
gonna use next and then I'll rename
these as well you know okay and I'm only
doing this painstaking process because I
want to make it clear exactly what we're
doing okay so that's the new int node
class it's like a knit list we just took
all the methods away and it compiles
good so now we've done this rebranding
effort we observed the int node is now a
dumb class it has no methods but we're
gonna bring back to functionality do not
work now of course you might say here
this is not any kind of improvement
nothing is better about this and you're
right but we'll get better right things
will things will improve